[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: There is, someone
wants to look at www.skillsilo.com.
>> Jon: Skillsilo.
Is that how you spell those things?
>> Speaker 1: That looks like it.
>> Jon: Sweet.
Learn a language 1-on-1 awesome.
Okay.
So again probably just I kind of do
the same [LAUGH] workflow a lot basically,
I'll just do an initial page audit,
run it on a refresh.
Kind of watch the the repaints a little
bit, although the repaints look good to
me, again what you're what you're
wanting to watch out for is,
are you repainting areas unnecessarily,
and I don't see that happening.
So we'll go back here.
Seeing a lot of the same stuff this
actually looks remarkably similar.
We've got eight different
JavaScript files coming down so
that's mere more than can be handled.
Gzip would be good.
So whether you're using Igenex or
Apache enabling Gzip would be great.
These are the kinda same
warnings that we saw.
There's very few unused CSS rules so
that's good.
You do have, you have inline
scripts that are in the head.
Like I said before,
that's sometimes necessary,
like if you're doing stuff
with web components,
if you're doing stuff with Modernizr,
you need that stuff to be in the head.
If you're not doing those things,
put your scripts in the body, so
we can investigate that further.
We can do a network.
Some colors got some interesting colors.
All right, so we'll take first a look at
the refresh, yeah it seems good okay, so
we start immediately,
let me double-click on this, come on.
So we start with this text
which I think is pretty good.
It takes, okay, so here's a problem right,
like it takes a pretty substantial
amount of time,
before the navigation comes in.
And so what's happening here is
we've got this huge image, right?
And the image is placed above,
is place above the,
what I would say some of the important
parts of the navigation, so until this
image is done loading, which is, we'll
take a look at how big it is in a second.
You're not able to click on How it Works,
Courses, Pricing.
Other than that, it looks really good cuz
I like that you see the text right away,
the button right away is good.
But I would try to get that
navigation mark up coming in before.
Other than that, that stuff looks good.
Might take a look by size just
to try to find that image here.
So like home page second maybe
secondary cover, take a preview.
I don't think that's the one right?
No six and other one,
I'm gonna close this if I can.
>> Jon: It looks like size wise.
>> Jon: Come on,
my computers going real slow.
This is pretty big These
images are all pretty big.
Yeah, losses compression would
probably help a lot here.
I don't have the images, but for
me I'd run them through ImageOptim.
It's just kind of a lot of stuff.
So you can see over here, like,
we've got like, I don't know, two and
a half mg coming down.
That's pretty substantial.
I've definitely seen worse.
But I would check out those images,
both, how big are they in the sense of,
if we click on into the preview
that could actually be shrunken and
then definitely if it can be
lossly compressed I would do that.
Let's take a look at the preview, yeah.
So this is pictures 6000 pixels wide, and
nobody's screen is gonna
be 6000 pixels wide.
So even if you're doing
background cover which you are,
I think I can't member what the current,
there's people, there's blog posts on
what's a good width for a full screen,
website these days or whatever.
But I imagine you could get it
down to 1500 to 2000 pixels,
which would be a ton of savings there, and
then losslessly compress those images.
So yeah.
So move the navigation,
losslessly compress those images, and
shrink them down in size if you can.
Heading over to Timeline.
Do a, I guess a memory capture
while the page is loaded,
I'll scroll around a little bit.
Again, then stop it.
>> Jon: Here we do have some growth.
It's not a ton of memory, like total but
we do have some stuff leaking.
So I would look into the JS
heap it looks like we're
allocating something that's
not getting garbage collected.
We also have quite a bit
of rendering going on.
I'm not totally sure
where that's coming from.
You know what this is?
I think I'm.
Something that I see very
often is when you have these
big images that are blocking some
kind of render, you see this big
gap here where not a lot of work is
getting done, but an image is coming in.
I am I thinking that that's
what's causing it, basically.
Either some JavaScript, I'm not sure how
this image is actually getting loaded.
But in some way like this image is kind
of being problematic only in the sense
that it's getting a high priority and
coming in before other stuff that we need,
letting the refresh timeline load now.
The only reason I want to dig into
the memory ones is because they just take
forever and I'll just be like okay we got
arrays, where the arrays coming from by
both front and masters and the site like
are definitely leaking JS heep memory.
It would be worth clicking through and
figuring out where that
stuff is coming from.
Chrome Canary is freezing on me here,
let me just close out of it.
No, I lost the last page.
Yeah, question?
>> Speaker 3: Would you on a typical site,
would you do several audits, and
use the device toolbar to do
it in a mobile setting and?
>> Jon: Yeah.
Yes I definitely.
Yeah I definitely would.
I mean, I think the audits are great
especially if you use Page Speed Insights,
it does a desktop and a mobile on it for
you, which is very nice.
It's kind of nice because so
if you can experience performance
problems with no emulation.
That's that's another big
performance problems right so
it's like if you experience
them on your laptop.
They're definitely gonna be there on a
lower device, that being said when you get
your performance you're really happy with
it on your laptop at that point I think
it's worth doing a CPU and
device simulation see kind of how things,
how to experience things
at that at that stage.
So yeah that the pictures
are probably the biggest thing here.
I would say like not only are they
too high up in the mark up.
So they're blocking things but
they're really really big and
you could compress them by a good amount.
Well, cool.
We could do memory staff if we want but
again this could be me up here
fiddling for like 15 minutes.
Do you wanna do any more,
do you wanna call it?
>> Speaker 4: I have a question.
>> Jon: Yeah
>> Speaker 4: One of the recommendations I
found on the site I did was parallel
downloads across host names?
>> Jon: Yeah, so It's yeah, so
it's it's not five requests
that it can handle at a time.
It's five requests per domain
So what you'll often see is people
even just do the subdomains.
So you'll see www.1.google.com or
something like that right.
So you have a couple choices.
You can host him yourself like all your
static assets with multiple subdomains or
multiple domains or whatever.
If you need to do more cuz if
you can consolidate them that's
probably the easiest win.
The other thing that you can do is if you
can do is if you use any sort of CDN,
now you've got your host name for
some stuff in the CDN for other stuff.
So yeah, it's five per host not five per-
>> Speaker 4: So
why are the browsers limiting it to,
by subdomain if they couldn't they
just lift that limit and it would-
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
I don't know why that is.
It's just like something that I
really dealt with as a reality.
>> Speaker 4: It seems
like a silly workaround.
>> Jon: It does, yeah, it does.
Especially, it seems to me they could
have something to do with like maybe
worrying about overloading
the servers with a request, so
it's like you've got multiple hosts names
it can assume multiple servers even though
they might all be on one server.
So I wonder if it's just not wanting to
flood the host with unlimited requests and
parallel.
I'm not sure though,
actually I'll look into that.